Updated the readme about Camel LS integration with Vim using Neoclide (#1)
camel-tooling/coc-camel: README.md

# Camel LS for Vim and Neovim  

This is short instructions for how to integrate Camel LS with Vim editor using coc.nvim (https://github.com/camel-tooling/camel-language-server).

# Text Editing capabilities of Camel XML using coc.nvim

![xmlnvim](images/xmlnvim.gif)

# Text Editing capabilities of Camel URI with Camel JAVA using coc.nvim

![javanvim](images/javanvim.gif)

## Prerequisites

> Add these plugins in your `.vimrc` or `init.vim`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add this plugin in your `.vimrc` or `init.vim`
```

```
Plug 'neoclide/coc.nvim', {'branch': 'release'}
```

# Install Camel LS to Vim and Neovim using Neoclide coc.nvim LSP Client 

### In a `.vimrc` file:
```
" Initialize plugin system
  "
  call plug#begin()
  
  " Shorthand notation; fetches https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim
  Plug 'neoclide/coc.nvim', {'branch': 'release'}
  
  call plug#end()
```

> ### Configuration is required to make coc.nvim easier to work with. This is done as much as possible to avoid conflict with other plugins.

Reviewer: I guess this is not required. if you want you might provide a link to the documentation of coc.nvim about this subject
